Hi, I'm beatriz peña from the blog belleza
pure dotcom and I will show you how to
does the cleaning express in a way
very simple and very fast
let's start doing a cleaning without
soap the soap is fine for
wash your hands but for the skin
face
I never recommend using soap or
even in the most oily skin or acne
because it can create a rebound effect
and the detergents I do not like anything for
clean the skin not even the body
let's use something for vague
special for casualties that are this kind of
wipes that do not need to use any
product with them they just get wet
in cold or warm water depends on whether
we wear a lot or little makeup and
they simply apply directly as
a towel of the hands but wet and
to remove the remains of makeup is
for me one of the least methods
Aggressive cleaning
and it works to work without any product
if you wear a more sophisticated makeup
if you will need a product that dissolves
that makeup I like a lot
use it with these balms of
cleaning that are very fatty because
final the fat is going to help
you have to massage them a little before
apply them and then with the sponge
previously moistened with water what
retreats gets wet in hot water to
remove any possible rest of
makeup that could have been and already
is already we would have the clean face of
dirt makeup residue
anything like that I do not use
soap was always used in tonic and
several tonics first a tonic
astringent that at the same time also
will provide cleaning
and it will drag even more
waste that may have remained
then I use a thermal water because
There is no doubt that the process of
make up if it is an assault on the
skin even if we have not used soap and
thermal water calms all skin calm
Well, these are the steps
very fast to do a cleaning
deep and at the same time soft and
fast what do we need